PDS_VERSION_ID      = PDS3                                                    
RECORD_TYPE         = STREAM                                                  
                                                                              
OBJECT     = TEXT                                                             
  PUBLICATION_DATE = 2000-06-13                                               
  NOTE             = " GRF Data File Parameter Definitions                "   
END_OBJECT = TEXT                                                             
                                                                              
END                                                                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
GAMMA RAY FULL SCIENCE RECORD VARIABLES                                       
 (Binary Table Fields)                                                        
                                                                              
The following list of variable names are contained in the header of the       
Binary table extension of the gamma ray full data file created by CFITSIO     
user routines for PDS compliance. The corresponding definitions will be       
placed in a separate file, and will not be contained in the PDS label         
file, or require the generation of PDS keywords.                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
 1.  met                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 160000000                                             
        units - seconds (unsigned)                                            
 definition - Mission Elapsed Time in seconds for the start of this XGRS      
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
 2.  tdb                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - -1.3e+8                                               
        maximum value - +6.4e+7                                               
        units - seconds (signed)                                              
        definition - Barycentric Dynamical Time corresponding to MET(1).      
     Barycentric Dynamical Time (TDB) is the independent                      
     variable in the equations, including terms for relativity,               
     of motion of the celestial bodies.  The solution of these                
     equations gives the rectangular coordinates of those                     
     bodies relative to the barycentre (centre of mass) of the                
     solar system.  (The barycentre does not coincide with the                
     centre of the Sun but is displaced to a point near its                   
     surface in the direction of Jupiter.)                                    
                                                                              
 3.  dqi                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - N/A                                                   
        maximum value - N/A                                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Data Quality Index                                       
                     c0 = Data Quality Flag[0=good,1=flagged for quality      
                          defects]                                            
                     c1 = Instrument number for FC, CTP and AIU[1 or 2]       
                     c2 - c6 = Processing Flags not quality related           
                     c7 = CCDS Source[0=VC0, 1=VC1, 2=VC2, 3=VC3]             
                                                                              
 4. time_tag                                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - seconds                                                              
 definition - time tag - MET in seconds for the start of this gamma ray       
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
 5. integration_time                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - typically 0                                                  
 maximum value - cmded gamma ray integration period length; possibly          
longer                                                                        
 units - seconds                                                              
 definition - actual integration time (sec.) - the portion of the period      
covered by this record in which the gamma ray sensors were unmasked and       
integrating;                                                                  
 Note: the period covered by a record can exceed the cmded integration        
period under conditions of telemetry backup when a higher rate of             
telemetry is being produced by the XGRS than is allocated to it; the          
period covered by a record can be less than the cmded integration period      
due to various factors including the integration being terminated early by    
ground command                                                                
                                                                              
 6. bgo_proton_flare_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO proton flare detection flag - indicates whether a proton    
flare was detected / continued in the period covered by this record           
 0= no BGO proton flare occurred in the period covered by this record         
 1= BGO proton flare occurred in the period covered by this record            
 BGO proton flare detection flag - indicates whether a BGO proton flare       
has been detected by the XGRS software in the current gamma ray               
integration period ground conversion:                                         
 0=BGO proton flare not detected                                              
 1=BGO proton flare detected                                                  
 initial value: 0=BGO proton flare not detected                               
                                                                              
 7. gray_data_quality_bit                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Data quality flag                                               
 0= no HV slew in this Gray record period                                     
 1= HV slew in this Gray record period                                        
                                                                              
                                                                              
 8. bgo_level_1_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO level one safing flag                                       
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this gamma ray record      
period                                                                        
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this gamma ray record         
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 BGO gamma sensor level 1 safing flag - indicates whether this sensor is      
currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing level 1; this      
is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the science             
snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state at the     
start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-realtime    
portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag indicates whether    
the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray               
integration period and should be referenced ground conversion:                
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
 9. bgo_level_2_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO level two safing flag                                       
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this gamma ray record      
period                                                                        
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this gamma ray record         
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 BGO gamma sensor level 2 safing flag - indicates whether this sensor is      
currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing level 2; this      
is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the science             
snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state at the     
start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-realtime    
portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag indicates whether    
the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray               
integration period and should be referenced ground conversion:                
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
10. nai_level_1_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI level one safing flag                                       
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this gamma ray record      
period                                                                        
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this gamma ray record         
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 11. nai_level_2_safe_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI level two safing flag                                       
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this gamma ray record      
period                                                                        
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this gamma ray record         
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 12. nai_int_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag              
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
                                                                              
 13. bgo_int_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag              
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
                                                                              
 14. nai_anticoincid_ovfl_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anticoincidence spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag       
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
                                                                              
 15. nai_single_escp_ovfl_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI single escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag                                                                          
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
                                                                              
 16. nai_double_escp_ovfl_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI double escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag                                                                          
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
 17. bgo_single_escp_ovfl_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO single escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1=bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record period    
                                                                              
 18. bgo_double_escp_ovfl_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO double escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record        
period                                                                        
 1= bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this gamma ray record          
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 19. nai_raw_event_rate                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI raw event count - the accumulation of counts from the       
NaI gamma ray sensor hardware raw event counter over the entire period        
covered by this record (independent of the NaI sensor mask state) - see       
note with actual integration time description                                 
                                                                              
 20. bgo_raw_event_rate                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO raw event count - the accumulation of counts from the       
BGO gamma ray sensor hardware raw event counter over the entire period        
covered by this record (independent of the BGO sensor mask state) - see       
note with actual integration time description                                 
                                                                              
 21. coincidence counter                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - The count of NaI/BGO coincident events OVER THE ENTIRE GAMMA RAY
 ACTUAL INTEGRATION TIME which may be shorter or longer than the commanded    
 gamma ray intergration time                                                  
                                                                              
 22. command_counter                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65535                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - A running count of commands received by the XGRS: rolls over    
  after 65535.                                                                
                                                                              
 23. problem_counter                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 0 - 255                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -    A running count of problems identified by the XGRS software. 
 Rolls over after 255.                                                        
                                                                              
 24. problem_code                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -   Code for the most problem most recently recognized by the     
    XGRS software. :                                                          
    0: no problem                                                             
    1-63: Common DPU problem codes                                            
    192-219: XGRS Application problem codes                                   
                                                                              
 25. num_nai_anticoincid_events                                               
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anti-coincidence event count - the accumulation of          
counts from the NaI hardware anti-coincidence counter over the entire         
period covered by this record (independent of the NaI sensor mask state);     
the events counted are NaI raw events which are not coincident with BGO       
events; see note with actual integration time description                     
                                                                              
 26. num_nai_valid_events                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI valid processed event count - the count of NaI gamma ray    
events which pass certain event                                               
 discrimination criteria (low level amplitude and negative amplitude) and     
are integrated in the NaI integral spectrum; this count accumulates over      
the entire gamma ray actual integration time which may be shorter or          
longer than the cmded gamma ray integration period                            
                                                                              
 27. num_bgo_valid_events                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO valid processed event count - the count of BGO gamma ray    
events which pass certain event discrimination criteria (low level            
amplitude and negative amplitude) and are integrated in the BGO integral      
spectrum; this count accumulates over the entire gamma ray actual             
integration time which may be shorter or longer than the cmded gamma ray      
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
 28. nai_dc_offset                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI DC offset - average NaI sensor background level;            
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 2               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -1024 to 1023 energy bins. If      
the reported NaI DC offset and std dev both have value -2, neither is         
considered valid.                                                             
                                                                              
 29. bgo_dc_offset                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO DC offset - average BGO sensor background level;            
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 2               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -1024 to 1023 energy bins. If      
the reported BGO DC offset and std dev both have value -2, neither is         
considered valid.                                                             
                                                                              
 30. nai_stand_dev                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI standard deviation- standard deviation of NaI sensor        
background level;                                                             
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 2                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 1023+ energy bins.          
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the NaI sensor in this record period and neither the reported DC          
offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                            
                                                                              
 31. bgo_stand_dev                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO standard deviation- standard deviation of BGO sensor        
background level;                                                             
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 2                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 1023+ energy bins.          
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the BGO sensor in this record period and neither the reported DC          
offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                            
                                                                              
 32. detector_electr_curr                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed detector electronics current (8MSBs/12 partially         
converted by XGRS software)                                                   
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 7)                                                      
 target current = ~3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                         
                                                                              
 33. xray_pin_diode_fet_bias                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor FET bias (8MSBs/12          
partially converted by XGRS software)                                         
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 12)                                                     
 target bias = ~19.939 * downlinked value - 15.95 mV                          
                                                                              
 34. hvce_temperature                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed HVCE temperature (partially converted by XGRS            
software)                                                                     
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 2)                                                      
 ground conversion: sensed temp = ~0.1248 * downlinked value - 277.1 degC     
                                                                              
 35. unf_xray_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed unfiltered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by     
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 14)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 57.4 V                         
                                                                              
 36. mg_xray_hvps_volt                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Mg filtered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by    
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 15)                                                     
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 55.54 V                        
                                                                              
 37. al_xray_hvps_volt                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Al filtered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by    
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 16)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 59.91 V                        
                                                                              
 38. xray_gas_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS voltage (partially      
converted by XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when     
a new voltage level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is      
in progress; when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding     
cmded target voltage                                                          
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 17)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 54.92 V                        
                                                                              
 39. xray_pin_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor HVPS voltage (partially     
converted by XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when     
a new voltage level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is      
in progress; when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding     
cmded target voltage                                                          
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 18)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 61.16 V                        
                                                                              
 40. nai_hvps_volt                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed NaI gamma ray HVPS voltage (partially converted by       
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 20)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 49.3 V                         
                                                                              
 41. bgo_hvps_volt                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed BGO gamma ray HVPS voltage (partially converted by       
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 19)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 50.92 V                        
                                                                              
 42. dpu_dc_dc_temp                                                           
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed DPU DC/DC conv temperature (8MSBs/12)                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 35)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.613 * downlinked value + 18.51 degC                        
                                                                              
 43. xgrs_dc_dc_temp                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed XGRS DC/DC temperature (8MSBs/12)                        
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 36)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.613 * downlinked value + 18.51 degC                        
                                                                              
 44. unf_xray_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed unfiltered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 22)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.62759 * downlinked value + 17.2591 degC                    
                                                                              
 45. mg_xray_hvps_temp                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Mg filtered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                   
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 23)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6287 * downlinked value + 18.1667 degC                     
                                                                              
 46. al_xray_hvps_temp                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Al filtered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                   
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 24)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.63028 * downlinked value + 17.58972 degC                   
                                                                              
 47. xray_gas_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)        
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 25)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 48. xray_pin_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 26                                                       
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 49. nai_hvps_temp                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed NaI gamma ray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                      
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 28)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 50. bgo_hvps_temp                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed BGO gamma ray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                      
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 27)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 51. tec_current                                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed TEC current (8MSBs/12 partially converted by XGRS        
 software)                                                                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 8)                                                       
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
 52. nai_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Nal gamma ray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded      
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 53. bgo_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded BGO gamma ray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded      
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
                                                                              
 54. unf_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded unfiltered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded    
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 55. mg_hvps_volt_cmd                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Mg filtered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently         
cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                               
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 56. al_hvps_volt_cmd                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Al filtered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently         
cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                               
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 57. hvps_power_on_off                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS power on/off - the current value of the Gbus control       
bit which is used by the software to turn the HVPS power on and off; HVPS     
power control is by ground cmd only,                                          
 cmd opcode 0xf323                                                            
 ground conversion: 0 = off, 1 = on                                           
 initial value: 0 = off                                                       
                                                                              
 58. xray_calib_home_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration home flag - reflects whether or not a home     
motor command is executing or was executed in the current Xray integration    
period; cmd opcode 0xf321                                                     
 ground conversion: 0 = motor not homing/homed in current Xray int period     
 1 = motor homing/homed in current Xray int period                            
 initial value: 0 = motor not homing/homed                                    
                                                                              
 59. xray_calib_motor_on_off                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor power on/off - the value most            
recently written to of the Gbus control bit which is used by the software     
to turn motor controller power on and off in response to the motor            
movement cmds; cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                             
 ground conversion: 0 = off, 1 = on                                           
 initial value: 0 = off                                                       
                                                                              
 60. xray_calib_motor_enable                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor power enable - the value most            
recently written to the Gbus control bit which is used by the software to     
enable or disable current flow in the motor windings; motor controller        
power must be on first; software controller in response to motor movement     
cmds; cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                                      
 ground conversion: 0 = disabled, 1 = enabled                                 
 initial value: 0 = disabled                                                  
                                                                              
 61. gas_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS voltage - the most       
recently cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                      
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
                                                                              
 62. pin_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 114                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Xray pin diode solar monitor HVPS voltage - the most      
recently cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                      
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~70 Volts                 
                                                                              
 63. gamma_ray_heater_curr                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed gamma ray heater current (8MSBs/12 partially             
converted by XGRS software)                                                   
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 6)                                                      
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
 64. version                                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 15                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Software version number.                                        
                                                                              
 65. xray_calib_motor_dir                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor direction - the most recent motor        
direction in effect derived from the cmded motor direction in any of the      
Xray calibration motor movement commands: cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308,         
0xf321                                                                        
 ground conversion: 0 = reverse, 1 = forward                                  
 initial value: 1 = forward (always overridden by cmd param input)            
                                                                              
 66. xray_calib_motor_curr                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 7                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor current level - the most recently        
cmded motor current cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf305                              
 ground conversion: cmd param * 40 = target mA                                
 initial value: 3 = target motor current 120 mA                               
 This conversion yields a target motor current range of 0 to 280 mA           
                                                                              
 67. xray_calib_motor_goal                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 199                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor goal - the current goal for the motor    
position derived from the current "actual" motor position in combination      
with any motor movement cmds: cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321 (cmded       
indirectly)                                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                                            
 75 = MG-filtered calibrate position                                          
 100 = unfiltered calibrate position                                          
 125 = Al-filtered calibrate position                                         
 for cmded motor steps=n: if cmded motor direction=forward                    
 then new motor goal =(current actual motor position + n) mod 200             
 if cmded motor direction=reverse                                             
 then new motor goal = (current actual motor position - n) mod 200            
 initial value: 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                             
                                                                              
 68. xray_calib_motor_pos                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 199                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor position - the current "actual" motor    
position                                                                      
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                                            
 75 = MG-filtered calibrate position                                          
 100 = unfiltered calibrate position                                          
 125 = Al-filtered calibrate position                                         
 initial value: initially undetermined (note initial motor goal position      
is 0)                                                                         
                                                                              
 69. xray_calib_motor_fid_sens                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 7                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor fiducial sensitivity - the most          
recently cmded motor fiducial sensitivity cmd param,                          
 cmd opcode 0xf306                                                            
 ground conversion: none                                                      
 initial value: 4                                                             
                                                                              
 70. xray_calib_motor_fid_brit                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 3                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor fiducial brightness - the most           
recently cmded motor fiducial brightness cmd param;                           
 cmd opcode 0xf307                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = off,                                                                     
 1 = 1/3 full brightness,                                                     
 2 = 2/3 full brightness,                                                     
 3 = full brightness                                                          
 initial value = 1 = 1/3 full brightness                                      
                                                                              
 71. xray_motor_in_calib_position                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor "in unfiltered calibrate position"       
 fiducial - the most recent value of this fiducial sensed via the Gbus and    
cached in the software indicates whether the motor was at the unfiltered      
calibrate position (position 100) at the time the sensing was done -          
indicates a current motor position if the motor is not moving                 
 ground conversion: these are the current positions providing the motor is    
not moving                                                                    
 0 = not in unfiltered calibrate position (motor position not 100)            
 1 = in unfiltered calibrate position (motor position 100)                    
                                                                              
 72. xray_motor_in_norm_position                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor "in normal position"                     
 fiducial - the most recent value of this fiducial sensed via the Gbus and    
cached in the software indicates whether the motor was at the unfiltered      
calibrate position (position 0) at the time the sensing was done -            
indicates a current motor position if the motor is not moving                 
 ground conversion: these are the current positions providing the motor is    
not moving                                                                    
 0 = not in normal/non-calibrate position (not at motor position 0)           
 1 = in normal/non-calibrate position (motor position 0)                      
                                                                              
 73. active_solar_toggle_mode                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Active solar monitor toggle mode - the most recently cmded      
 solar toggle mode cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf316                               
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = solar monitor toggle mode off; the integration of the active solar       
spectrum will be performed according to the most recently commanded sensor    
mask                                                                          
 1 = solar monitor toggle mode on; the integration of solar spectra           
alternates between the two solar monitors at the end of each Xray             
integration period                                                            
 initial value = 0 = solar monitor toggle mode off                            
                                                                              
 74. xray_calib_max_steps                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration max. steps (10 lsbits / 16) - the maximum      
number of steps the software will allow in executing the motor home           
command; nominally, this command requires a maximum of 200 steps, however,    
with motor slippage may require greater than nominal; cmd opcode 0xf321       
 ground conversion : none                                                     
 nominally 200 steps = complete revolution of calibration rod                 
                                                                              
 75. spare1                                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - N/A                                                          
 maximum value - N/A                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - spare                                                           
                                                                              
 76. tec_enable                                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC enable state - most recently cmded TEC enable state cmd     
param indicates whether automated TEC temp control algorithm is enabled or    
disabled; the TEC enable state is controlled by ground cmd only; the TEC      
is turned off if the control algorithm is disabled; the TEC control           
algorithm autonomously turns the TEC on and off if it is enabled;             
 cmd opcode 0xf30b                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = disabled, 1 = enabled                                                    
 initial value = 1 = enabled                                                  
                                                                              
 77. xray_calib_cum_motor_stps                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration cumulative motor steps - the current value     
of a running count of motor steps taken as a result of any of the motor       
movement commands; counter rolls over;                                        
 cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                                           
 ground conversion: none                                                      
 nominally 200 steps = complete revolution of calibration rod                 
 initial value = 0 steps                                                      
                                                                              
 78. gray_burst_thresh_val                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray burst threshold (encoded as min[burst thr, 255])      
 - an encoding of the most recently cmded gamma ray burst threshold           
 ground conversion: reported burst thresh = min[actual cmded burst thr,       
255]                                                                          
 Range of actual burst thresh is 0-1023.                                      
 initial value: 100                                                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
 79. xray_safing_thresh                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing threshold (16LSBs/24) - most recently        
cmded param for maximum "safe" raw hardware event counter rate per second     
for each Xray sensor; cmd opcode 0xf31c                                       
 ground conversion: none (note: the 8 MSBs of this value which are not        
downlinked are all 0)                                                         
 initial value = 30,000 counts per second maximum                             
                                                                              
 80. xray_calib_motor_diag                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor diagnostics - no actual motor            
diagnostics have been implemented for the XGRS Application Software           
version 6 for this cmd; cmd opcode 0xf30a                                     
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = motor diagnostics never commanded                                        
 1 = motor diagnostics have been commanded                                    
 initial value = 0 = no diagnostics commanded                                 
                                                                              
 81. tec_power_on_off                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC power on/off - the value most recently written to the       
Gbus control bit which is used by the software to turn TEC power on and       
off as triggered by the TEC on/off cmd or the automated TEC control           
algorithm, if enabled by ground command; the software turns the TEC off if    
the automated TEC control algorithm has been disabled: if the automated       
TEC control algorithm has been enabled, the software will                     
 turn the TEC on and off autonomously;                                        
 cmd opcode 0xf30b                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = TEC off/automated TEC control algorithm disabled                         
 1 = TEC on/automated TEC control algorithm enabled                           
 initial value = 0 = TEC off/automated TEC control algorithm disabled         
                                                                              
 82. tec_mode                                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC mode - the most recently cmded TEC mode cmd param which     
controls whether the automated TEC control algorithm, if separately           
enabled, operates in "heat" or "cool" mode;                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf30c                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = cool mode sensed                                                         
 1 = heat mode sensed                                                         
 initial value: 0= cool mode commanded                                        
                                                                              
 83. tec_cool_heat_flg                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool/heat flag - the most recent value of this sensor       
interface read bit sensed and cached in the XGRS software indicates the       
TEC mode; used to compare to expected cmded TEC mode when the automated       
TEC control algorithm is enabled by ground command                            
 ground conversion: provided the automated TEC control algorithm is           
enabled:                                                                      
 0=cool mode sensed                                                           
 1=heat mode sensed                                                           
                                                                              
 84. tec_temperature                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC temperature (partially converted by XGRS software)          
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 1)                                                      
 target temp = 0.124 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                         
 TEC temperature (partially converted by XGRS software)                       
                                                                              
 85. tec_cool_mode_temp_up_lmt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool mode temp. target range upper limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "cool" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value: 2195 = ~-5                             
 downlinked cmd param value = target temp upper limit of ~231 degC            
                                                                              
 86. tec_cool_mode_temp_low_lmt                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool mode temp. target range lower limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "cool" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value: 1827 = ~-51                            
 downlinked cmd param value = target temp lower limit of -277 degC            
                                                                              
 87. tec_heat_mode_temp_up_lmt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC heat mode temp. target range upper limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "heat" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value:                                        
 3096 = ~193 downlinked cmd param value = target temp upper limit of 125      
degC                                                                          
                                                                              
 88. tec_heat_mode_temp_low_lmt                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC heat mode temp. target range lower limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "heat" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC         
 initial actual temp. cmd param value:                                        
 2974 = ~186 downlinked cmd param value = target temp lower limit of 91       
degC                                                                          
                                                                              
 89. gamma_ray_temp_hysteresis                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 15                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray temp. hysteresis - most recently cmded gamma ray      
temp. hysteresis cmd param - used in the automated gamma ray heater           
control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf322                                          
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target hysteresis in degC = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value                      
 gamma ray temp upper thr = gamma ray temp lower thr + gamma ray temp         
hysteresis                                                                    
 This conversion equates to a target hysteresis range of 0 to ~1.9 degC.      
 initial value: 2 = target hysteresis 0.25 degC                               
                                                                              
 90. gamma_ray_heat_temp_low_lmt                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater temp. lower limit - the most recently cmded    
value for this limit which is used in the automated gamma ray heater          
control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf322                                          
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. in degC = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value - 280.03                  
 This conversion yields a target temp range of -273 to ~231 degC.             
 initial value: 2400 = target temp 19 degC                                    
                                                                              
 91. full_gamma_ray_science_mode                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - full gamma ray science record mode - the most recently cmded    
full gamma ray science record mode which determines whether full gamma ray    
science records will be created and downlinked;                               
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=full gamma ray science record mode generation off                          
 1= full gamma ray science record mode generation on                          
 initial value: 0 = full gamma ray science record mode generation off         
                                                                              
 92. full_xray_science_mode                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - full Xray science record mode- the most recently cmded full     
Xray science record mode which determines whether full Xray science           
records will be created and downlinked;                                       
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=full Xray science record mode generation off                               
 1= full Xray science record mode generation on                               
 initial value: 0 = full Xray science record mode generation off              
                                                                              
 93. summ_gray_xray_science_mode                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - summary Xray/gamma ray science record mode - the most           
recently cmded summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode which             
determines whether summary science records will be created and downlinked;    
cmd opcode 0xf324                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0= summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode generation off               
 1= summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode generation on                
 initial value: 1 = summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode              
generation on                                                                 
                                                                              
 94. gray_burst_sci_rec_mode                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray burst science record mode- the most recently cmded    
gamma ray burst science record mode which determines whether gamma ray        
burst science records will be created and downlinked;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0= gamma ray burst science record mode generation off                        
 1= gamma ray burst science record mode generation on                         
 initial value: 0= gamma ray burst science record mode generation off         
                                                                              
 95. hvce_temp_set_point                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1364                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVCE temperature set point - the most recently cmded value      
for this temp set point;                                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf301                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 cmd temp.param = (target temp. degC + 273)*4096/1000                         
 This conversion yields a target temp range of -273 to ~60 degC.              
 initial value:120 0 = ~ target temp 20 degC                                  
                                                                              
                                                                              
 96. cmded_end_xray_integ_per                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Cmded end gamma ray integration period - indicates whether      
an end gamma ray integration period cmd or an HVCE temperature setpoint       
cmd which implicitly executes an end xray integration period cmd has ended    
this xray integration period; this value should be inspected in the xray      
housekeeping only and ignored elsewhere - its interpretation in the Xray      
housekeeping and the realtime housekeeping may be ambiguous due to user       
uncertainty on its sampling time;                                             
 cmd opcodes 0xf301, 0xf30f                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this Xray integration period not ended by command                          
 1=this Xray integration period ended by command                              
 initial value: 0=this Xray integration period not ended by command           
                                                                              
 97. cmded_gamma_ray_integ_per                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Cmded end gamma ray integration period - indicates whether      
an end gamma ray integration period cmd or an HVCE temperature setpoint       
cmd which implicitly executes an end gamma ray integration period cmd has     
ended this gamma ray integration period; this value should be inspected in    
the gamma ray housekeeping only and ignored elsewhere - its interpretation    
in the Xray housekeeping and the realtime                                     
 housekeeping may be ambiguous due to user uncertainty on its sampling        
time;                                                                         
 cmd opcodes 0xf301, 0xf30f                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this gamma ray integration period not ended by command                     
 1=this gamma ray integration period ended by command                         
 initial value: 0=this gamma ray integration period not ended by command      
                                                                              
 98. bgo_proton_flare_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO proton flare detection flag - indicates whether a BGO       
proton flare has been detected by the XGRS software in the current gamma      
ray integration period                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=BGO proton flare not detected                                              
 1=BGO proton flare detected initial value:                                   
 initial value: 0=BGO proton flare not detected                               
                                                                              
 99. gamma_ray_bin_over_flg_cmd                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent cmded    
gamma ray bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf319         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray spectra; if a bin     
overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)           
integration of the spectra will be suspended immediately for all gamma ray    
spectra                                                                       
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray spectra; if a       
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum (spectra) with bin            
overflow will continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue    
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray      
spectra                                                                       
                                                                              
100. unf_xray_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray spectral ray bin overflow mode - the most       
recent cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the unfiltered      
Xray spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray spectrum; if a      
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray spectrum; if a    
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will        
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray    
spectrum                                                                      
                                                                              
101. mg_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent        
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the Mg filtered Xray       
spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered xray spectrum; if a     
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered xray spectrum; if     
a bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will      
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered        
xray spectrum                                                                 
                                                                              
102. al_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent        
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd ram for the Al filtered Xray         
spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered xray spectrum; if a     
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered xray spectrum; if     
a bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will      
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered        
xray spectrum                                                                 
                                                                              
103. act_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent       
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the active solar           
monitor spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                           
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for active solar spectrum; if a bin     
overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)           
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for active solar spectrum; if a       
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will        
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for active solar       
spectrum                                                                      
                                                                              
104. nai_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -            
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
105. bgo_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -            
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
106. nai_anticoin_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anticoincidence spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -     
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
107. nai_sing_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI single escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag - indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in     
the current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in    
the realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which     
will always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the     
non-realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful                          
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
108. nai_doub_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI double escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag - indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in     
the current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in    
the realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which     
will always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the     
non-realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful                          
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
109. bgo_sing_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO single escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
- indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the      
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science house-keeping will be                                        
 meaningful and should be referenced there.                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
110. bgo_doub_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO double escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
- indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the      
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science house-keeping will be meaningful                             
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
                                                                              
111. unf_xray_bin_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-          
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
112. mg_bin_overflow_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-         
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
113. al_bin_overflow_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-         
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
114. act_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar monitor spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-     
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
115. gamma_ray_heat_on_off                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater power on/off - - the value most recently       
written to the Gbus control bit which is used by the software to turn         
gamma ray heater power on and off in response to ground command or the        
automated gamma ray heater control algorithm, if enabled; cmd opcode          
0xf312                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=heater power off                                                           
 1=heater power on                                                            
 initial value: 0=heater power off                                            
                                                                              
116. gamma_ray_heat_mode                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater mode - the most recent gamma ray heater        
mode cmd param which determines whether the XGRS software will turn power     
to the gamma ray heater off until further ground command or use an            
automated gamma heater control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf312                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=commanded off heater mode                                                  
 1=commanded automatic heater mode                                            
 initial value: 1=automatic heater mode                                       
                                                                              
117. bgo_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma sensor level 1 safing flag - indicates whether        
this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing     
level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the       
science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state    
at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-     
realtime portion) , the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag            
indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the       
gamma ray integration period and should be referenced                         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
118. bgo_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma sensor level 2 safing flag - indicates whether        
this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing     
level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the       
science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state    
at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-     
realtime portion) , the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag            
indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the       
gamma ray integration period and should be referenced                         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
119. spare4                                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - N/A                                                          
 maximum value - N/A                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - spare                                                           
                                                                              
120. xray_integr_time                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray integration time - the most recently cmded Xray            
integration time in seconds;                                                  
 cmd opcode 0xf302                                                            
 ground conversion: time in seconds                                           
 initial value: 100 seconds                                                   
                                                                              
121. hvps_on_off                                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS on/off - the most recently cmded state for HVPS power;     
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion: 0=off, 1=on                                               
 initial value: 0=off                                                         
                                                                              
122. pin_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded    
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
123. gas_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded    
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
124. al_sensor_mask_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded     
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
125. mg_sensor_mask_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded     
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
126. unf_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded      
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
127. bgo_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded        
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion: 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked              
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
128. nai_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded        
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
129. unf_xray_rise_time_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events       
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
130. mg_rise_time_thresh                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events      
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
131. al_rise_time_thresh                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events      
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
132. gas_rise_time_thresh                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor rise time discriminator threshold; events     
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
133. unf_rise_time_valid_thresh                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;        
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
134. mg_rise_time_valid_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;       
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
135. al_rise_time_valid_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;       
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
136. gas_rise_time_valid_thresh                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor rise time valid discriminator threshold;      
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
137. gamma_ray_integr_time                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Gamma ray integration time - the most recently cmded gamma      
ray integration time in seconds;                                              
 cmd opcode 0xf30e                                                            
 ground conversion: time in seconds                                           
 initial value: 1200 seconds (20 minutes)                                     
                                                                              
138. gamma_sing_esc_wind_center                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value -1023                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray single escape window center bin - the most            
recently cmded center energy bin for the gamma ray single escape peak         
histogram; this histogram accumulates gamma ray single escape events          
within a "window" centered at this bin with cmd specified width;              
 cmd opcode 0xf310                                                            
 ground conversion: window center in energy bins                              
 initial value: bin 52 = ~ 0.511 MeV energy bin, the expected "single         
escape" event energy                                                          
                                                                              
139. gamma_sing_esc_wind_width                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 63                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray single escape window width - the most recently        
cmded width for the gamma ray single escape peak histogram formation;         
gamma ray single escape events within the energy window defined by the        
cmded window center and this width are accumulated in this histogram;         
effective window width is forced odd for XGRS software convenience but the    
value actually cmded appears in this telemetry field;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf310                                                            
 ground conversion: window width in energy bins (forced to an odd value,      
cmd param + 1, in case cmd param is even)                                     
 initial value: 19 bins wide                                                  
                                                                              
140. gamma_doub_esc_wind_center                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray double escape window center bin - the most            
recently cmded center energy bin for the gamma ray double escape peak         
histogram; this histogram accumulates gamma ray double escape events          
within a "window" centered at this bin with cmd specified width;              
 cmd opcode 0xf311                                                            
 ground conversion: window center in energy bins                              
 initial value: bin104 = ~ target 1.022 MeV energy bin, the expected          
"double escape" event energy                                                  
                                                                              
141. gamma_doub_esc_wind_width                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 63                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray double escape window width - the most recently        
cmded width for the gamma ray double escape peak histogram formation;         
gamma ray double escape events within the energy window defined by the        
cmded window center and this width are accumulated in this histogram;         
effective window width is forced odd for XGRS software convenience but the    
value actually cmded appears in this telemetry field;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf311                                                            
 ground conversion: window width in energy bins (forced to an odd value,      
cmd param + 1, in case cmd param is even)                                     
 initial value: 21 bins wide                                                  
                                                                              
142. nai_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray lower level discriminator threshold; events       
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 3.413 * cmd param                  
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~870.                                                                         
 initial value: 3 = ~ target energy bin# 10                                   
                                                                              
143. bgo_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray lower level discriminator threshold; events       
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 3.413 * cmd param                  
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~870.                                                                         
 initial value: 3 = ~ target energy bin# 10                                   
                                                                              
144. unf_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events     
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
145. mg_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events    
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
146. al_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events    
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
147. gas_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray lower level discriminator threshold;     
events with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
148. pin_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray lower level discriminator threshold;     
events with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 37 = ~ target energy bin# 32                                  
                                                                              
149. gamma_ray_sensor_temp                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor temp. (avg of 4 converted samples)             
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 21)                                                     
 target temp = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value - 280.03                           
                                                                              
150. nai_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor level one safing flag - indicates          
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
151. unf_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates        
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science                                                                   
 snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state at the    
start of the integration period; in the                                       
 science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"      
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
152. mg_level_1_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
153. al_level_1_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
154. gas_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
155. pin_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at     
any time over the gamma ray integration period and should be referenced       
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
156. nai_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor level two safing flag - indicates          
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be eferenced                                    
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
157. unf_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates        
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
158. mg_level_2_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
159. al_level_2_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
160. gas_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
161. pin_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at     
any time over the gamma ray integration period and should be referenced       
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
162. xray_sens_safing_rest_level                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 1                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing/restore interval - the most recently         
cmded value for this interval; the time in minutes between automated          
attempts to restore an Xray sensor in safing level 1 to nominal safing        
level 0; cmd opcode 0xf31d                                                    
 ground conversion: time in minutes                                           
 initial value: 60 minute intervals between retries                           
                                                                              
163. gamma_sens_safing_rest_level                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 1                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing/restore interval - the most recently    
cmded value for this interval; the time in minutes between automated          
attempts to restore a gamma ray sensor in safing level 1 to nominal safing    
level 0;                                                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf31d                                                            
 ground conversion: time in minutes                                           
 initial value: 60 minute intervals between retries                           
                                                                              
164. xray_safing_rest_max_retry                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing/restore maximum retries - the most           
recently cmded value for the maximum number of times the XGRS software        
will autonomously attempt to restore an Xray sensor from safing level 1 to    
nominal safing level 0;                                                       
 cmd opcode 0xf31e                                                            
 ground conversion: number of retries                                         
 initial value: maximum 6 retries                                             
                                                                              
165. gamma_safing_rest_max_retry                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing/restore maximum retries - the most      
recently cmded value for the maximum number of times the XGRS software        
will autonomously attempt to restore a gamma ray sensor from safing level     
1 to nominal safing level 0;                                                  
 cmd opcode 0xf31e                                                            
 ground conversion: number of retries                                         
 initial value: maximum 6 retries                                             
                                                                              
166. gamma_heater_duty_cycle                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 100                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater duty cycle - the percentage of time the        
gamma ray heater is on over a 100 second period; the duty cycle is            
continuously computed; at the time of snapshot sampling the duty cycle for    
the most recently completed 100 second period is the sampled value            
 ground conversion: duty cycle as a percentage = downlinked value / 100       
                                                                              
167. gamma_sens_safing_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing threshold - most recently cmded         
param for maximum "safe" raw hardware event counter rate per second for       
each gamma ray sensor;                                                        
 cmd opcode 0xf31c                                                            
 ground conversion: none (note: the 8 MSBs of this value which are not        
downlinked are all 0)                                                         
 initial value: 30,000 counts per second maximum                              
                                                                              
168. hvps_current                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS current                                                    
 (8MSBs/12 partially converted by XGRS software)                              
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 9)                                                      
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
169. bgo_proton_flare_thresh                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray proton flare detection threshold (16LSBs/24) -    
the most recently cmded value for detecting a BGO gamma ray proton flare;     
each second accumulation of the BGO raw event counter is compared to this     
threshold; if the raw event counter value exceeds the threshold, the gamma    
ray sensors will be masked                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf317                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 reported threshold = actual threshold(16 MSBs) note: it is not               
anticipated that thresholds in excess of                                      
 16-bits will be needed                                                       
 initial value: 10,000 counts per second maximum                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
170. nai_spectrum_0                                                           
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI processed event count: the count of NaI gamma ray events    
which are read from the hardware for processing by the software; this         
count accumulates over the entire gamma ray actual integration time which     
may be shorter or longer than the cmded gamma ray integration period          
                                                                              
171. hw_nai_raw                                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI raw event count: the accumulation of counts from the NaI    
gamma ray sensor hardware raw event counter over the entire period covered    
by this record (independent of the NaI sensor mask)                           
                                                                              
172. nai_high_energy                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI high energy event count: the accumulation of counts from    
the NaI gamma ray sensor with energies that would put a count in a channel    
greater than or equal to 1022                                                 
                                                                              
173. bgo_spectrum_0                                                           
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -BGO processed event count: the count of BGO gamma ray events     
which are read from the hardware for processing by the software; this         
count accumulates over the entire gamma ray actual integration time which     
may be shorter or longer than the cmded gamma ray integration period          
                                                                              
174. hw_bg                                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO raw event count: the accumulation of counts from the BGO    
gamma ray sensor hardware raw event counter over the entire period covered    
by this record (independent of the BGO sensor mask)                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
175. bgo_high_energy                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO high energy event count: the accumulation of counts from    
the BGO gamma ray sensor with energies that would put a count in a channel    
greater than or equal to 1022                                                 
                                                                              
176. nai_anticoin_spectrum_0                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -NaI anti- coincident event count: the count of NaI gamma ray     
 sensor hardware anti-coincident event counter hich are read from the         
 hardware for processing by the software; this count accumulates over         
 the entire gamma ray actual integration time which may be shorter or         
 longer than the cmded gamma ray integration period                           
                                                                              
177. hw_nai_anticoin                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anti- coincident event count: the accumulation of counts    
from the NaI gamma ray sensor hardware anti-coincident event counter over     
the entire period covered by this record (independent of the NaI sensor       
mask); the events counted are NaI raw events which are not coincident with    
BGO events                                                                    
                                                                              
178. nai_anticoin_high_energy                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anti-coincident high energy event count: the                
accumulation of counts from the NaI anti- coincident gamma ray sensor with    
energies that would put a count in a channel greater than or equal to 1022    
                                                                              
179. single_esc_spectrum_0                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Single escape NaI processed event count: the count of single    
escape NaI coincident gamma ray events which are read from the hardware       
for processing by the software; this count accumulates over the entire        
gamma ray actual integration time which may be shorter or longer than the     
cmded gamma ray integration period                                            
                                                                              
180. single_esc_high_energy                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Single escape NaI high energy event count: the accumulation     
of first escape coincident NaI counts with energies that would put a count    
in a channel greater than or equal to 1022                                    
                                                                              
181. double_esc_spectrum_0                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Double escape NaI processed event count: the count of double    
escape NaI coincident gamma ray events which are read from the hardware       
for processing by the software; this count accumulates over the entire        
gamma ray actual integration time which may be shorter or longer than the     
cmded gamma ray integration period                                            
                                                                              
182. double_esc_high energy                                                   
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1 (4294967295)                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -Double escape NaI high energy event count: the accumulation      
of second escape coincident NaI counts with energies that would put a         
count in a channel greater than or equal to 1022                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
183. full_gamma_integral_nai                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Integral NaI spectrum: 1024 16 bit unsigned words; possible     
values: full range                                                            
                                                                              
184. full_gamma_integral_bgo                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Integral BGO spectrum: 1024 16 bit words                        
                                                                              
185. full_gamma_anti_coinc                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Anti-coincidence spectrum: 1024 16 bit unsigned words;          
possible values: full range                                                   
                                                                              
186. full_gamma_single_esc_nal                                                
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Single escape shifted NaI spectrum: 1024 16 unsigned words;     
possible values: full range                                                   
                                                                              
187. full_gamma_dbl_esc_nal                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Double escape shifted NaI spectrum: 1024 16 unsigned words;     
possible values: full range                                                   
                                                                              
188. peak_gamma_single_esc_bgo                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Single escape peak BGO spectrum: 21 16 bit unsigned words;      
possible values: full range                                                   
                                                                              
189. peak_gamma_double_esc_bgo                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Double escape peak BGO spectrum: 21 16 bit unsigned words;      
possible values: full range                                                   
                                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                              
NEAR KEYWORDS and Examples                                                    
                                                                              
The following list of NEAR keywords reflects the current status and can be    
modified as required.                                                         
                                                                              
NEAR-001= 5760 / 012 Data offset from start of file (bytes)                   
NEAR-002= '1.01 ' / Version of this file format                               
NEAR-003= 'GRF98037.FIT' / Name of this file                                  
NEAR-004= '20:53:12Z' / Time that this file was created                       
 NEAR-005= 'GRF.001 ' / Product ID                                            
NEAR-006= 'PDSGRF ' / Program name that produced this file                    
 NEAR-007= ' ' / Version # of above program                                   
COMMENT NEAR Project Parameters Can Have Names NEAR-001 Through NEAR-099      
NEAR-601= 'XGR ' / File Type                                                  
NEAR-602= ' ' / Scaling File                                                  
NEAR-603= ' ' / Version of Scaling File                                       
NEAR-604= 62133424 / 024 Initial MET in File                                  
 NEAR-605= 62188036 / 025 Final MET in File                                   
 NEAR-606= 'GAMMAFULL ' / Instrument type                                     
NEAR-607= 'xgrs.c ' / Program name produced input file                        
 NEAR-608= '1.9 ' / Version of above program                                  
COMMENT Additional Science Team Defined Parameters Below                      
 NEAR-609= ' ' / Spare                                                        
 NEAR-610= ' ' / Spare                                                        
 NEAR-611= ' ' / Spare                                                        
 NEAR-612= ' ' / Spare                                                        
 COMMENT Lines Before The Last Can Be Used For Documentation COMMENT          
