PDS_VERSION_ID      = PDS3                                                    
RECORD_TYPE         = STREAM                                                  
                                                                              
OBJECT     = TEXT                                                             
  PUBLICATION_DATE = 2000-06-13                                               
  NOTE             = " XRS Data File Parameter Definitions' "                 
END_OBJECT = TEXT                                                             
                                                                              
END                                                                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
XRAY SUMMARY SCIENCE RECORD VARIABLES                                         
       (Binary Table Fields)                                                  
                                                                              
The following list of variable names are contained in the header of the       
Binary table extension of the Xray full data file created by CFITSIO user     
routines for PDS compliance. The corresponding definitions will be placed     
in a separate file, and will not be contained in the PDS label file, or       
require the generation of PDS keywords.                                       
                                                                              
 1.  met                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 160000000                                             
        units - seconds (unsigned)                                            
 definition - Mission Elapsed Time in seconds for the start of this XGRS      
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
 2.  tdb                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - -1.3e+8                                               
        maximum value - +6.4e+7                                               
        units - seconds (signed)                                              
        definition - Barycentric Dynamical Time corresponding to MET(1).      
     Barycentric Dynamical Time (TDB) is the independent                      
     variable in the equations, including terms for relativity,               
     of motion of the celestial bodies.  The solution of these                
     equations gives the rectangular coordinates of those                     
     bodies relative to the barycentre (centre of mass) of the                
     solar system.  (The barycentre does not coincide with the                
     centre of the Sun but is displaced to a point near its                   
     surface in the direction of Jupiter.)                                    
                                                                              
 3.  dqi                                                                      
                                                                              
        minimum value - N/A                                                   
        maximum value - N/A                                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Data Quality Index                                       
                     c0 = Data Quality Flag[0=good,1=flagged for quality      
                          defects]                                            
                     c1 = Instrument number for FC, CTP and AIU[1 or 2]       
                     c2 - c6 = Processing Flags not quality related           
                     c7 = CCDS Source[0=VC0, 1=VC1, 2=VC2, 3=VC3]             
                                                                              
 4. time_tag                                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - seconds (unsigned)                                                   
 definition - MET in seconds from the start of this Xray integration          
period                                                                        
                                                                              
 5. unf_mon_integ_time                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - typically, 0                                                 
 maximum value - cmded Xray integration period length, possibly longer        
 units - seconds (unsigned)                                                   
 definition - unfiltered Xray actual integration time (sec.) - the portion    
of the period covered by this record in which the unfiltered Xray sensor      
was unmasked and integrating;                                                 
 Note: the period covered by a record can exceed the cmded integration        
period under conditions of telemetry backup when a higher rate of             
telemetry is being produced by the XGRS than is allocated to it; the          
period covered by a record can be less than the cmded integration period      
due to various factors including the integration being terminated early by    
ground command                                                                
                                                                              
 6. mg_mon_integ_time                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - typically, 0                                                 
 maximum value - cmded Xray integration period length, possibly longer        
 units - seconds (unsigned)                                                   
 definition - Mg filtered Xray actual integration time (sec.) - the           
portion of the period covered by this record in which the Mg Xray sensor      
was unmasked and integrating;                                                 
 Note: the period covered by a record can exceed the cmded integration        
period under conditions of telemetry backup when a higher rate of             
telemetry is being produced by the XGRS than is allocated to it; the          
period covered by a record can be less than the cmded integration period      
due to various factors including the integration being terminated early by    
ground command                                                                
                                                                              
 7. al_mon_integ_time                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - typically, 0                                                 
 maximum value - cmded Xray integration period length, possibly longer        
 units - seconds (unsigned)                                                   
 definition - Al filtered Xray actual integration time- the portion of the    
period covered by this record in which the Al Xray sensor was unmasked and    
integrating;                                                                  
 Note: the period covered by a record can exceed the cmded integration        
period under conditions of telemetry backup when a higher rate of             
telemetry is being produced by the XGRS than is allocated to it; the          
period covered by a record can be less than the cmded integration period      
due to various factors including the integration being terminated early by    
ground command                                                                
                                                                              
 8. actv_sol_mon_integ_time                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - typically, 0                                                 
 maximum value - cmded Xray integration period length, possibly longer        
 units - seconds (unsigned)                                                   
 definition - active solar monitor Xray actual integration time- the          
portion of the period covered by this record in which the active solar        
sensor was unmasked and integrating;                                          
 Note: the period covered by a record can exceed the cmded integration        
period under conditions of telemetry backup when a higher rate of             
telemetry is being produced by the XGRS than is allocated to it; the          
period covered by a record can be less than the cmded integration period      
due to various factors including the integration being terminated early by    
ground command                                                                
                                                                              
 9. unf_xray_1_safe_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level one safing flag                    
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 10. mg_xray_1_safe_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag                   
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
 11. al_xray_1_safe_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag                   
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 12. gas_xray_1_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag             
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 13. pin_xray_1_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag             
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 14. unf_xray_2_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level two safing flag                    
 0=this sensor not safed at level 1 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 1 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 15. mg_xray_2_safe_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag                   
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 16. al_xray_2_safe_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag                   
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 17. gas_xray_2_safe_flg                                                      
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag             
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 18. pin_xray_2_safe_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag             
 0=this sensor not safed at level 2 at any time in this Xray record period    
 1=this sensor safed at level 2 at some time in this Xray record period       
                                                                              
 19. xray_data_quality_bit                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -                                                                 
 0= no HV slew or cal motor motion in this Xray record period                 
 1= HV slew or cal motor motion in this Xray record period                    
                                                                              
 20. unf_xray_overflow_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag           
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period      
 1= bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period        
                                                                              
 21. mg_xray_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag          
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period      
 1= bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period        
                                                                              
 22. al_xray_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag          
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period      
 1= bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period        
                                                                              
 23. active_xray_overflow_flg                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar monitor Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag                                                                          
 0=no bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period      
 1= bin overflow occurred for this spectrum in this Xray record period        
                                                                              
 24. unf_xray_raw_event_rate                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray raw event count - the accumulation of counts    
from the unfiltered Xray hardware raw event counter over the entire period    
covered by this record (independent of the unfiltered Xray sensor mask        
state) - see note with actual integration time descriptions                   
                                                                              
 25. mg_xray_raw_event_rate                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray raw event count - the accumulation of          
counts from the Mg filtered Xray hardware raw event counter over the          
entire period covered by this record (independent of the Mg filtered Xray     
sensor mask state) - see note with actual integration time descriptions       
                                                                              
 26. al_xray_raw_event_rate                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray raw event count - the accumulation of          
counts from the Al filtered Xray hardware raw event counter over the          
entire period covered by this record (independent of the Al filtered Xray     
sensor mask state) - see note with actual integration time descriptions       
                                                                              
 27. gas_xray_raw_event_rate                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray raw event count - the accumulation of    
counts from the gas solar monitor Xray hardware raw event counter over the    
entire period covered by this record (independent of the gas solar monitor    
mask state) - see note with actual integration time descriptions              
                                                                              
 28. pin_xray_raw_event_rate                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray raw event count - the accumulation of    
counts from the PIN solar monitor Xray hardware raw event counter over the    
entire period covered by this record (independent of the PIN solar monitor    
mask state) - see note with actual integration time descriptions              
                                                                              
 29. unf_xray_valid_events                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray valid processed event count - the count of      
unfiltered Xray events which pass certain event discrimination criteria       
(low level amplitude, negative amplitude, rise time, and crosstalk            
discrimination) and are integrated in the corresponding spectrum; this        
count accumulates over the entire unfiltered Xray actual integration time     
which may be shorter or longer than the cmded Xray integration period         
                                                                              
 30. mg_xray_valid_events                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray valid processed event count - the count of     
Mg filtered Xray events which pass certain event discrimination criteria      
(low level amplitude, negative amplitude, rise time, and crosstalk            
discrimination) and are integrated in the corresponding spectrum; this        
count accumulates over the entire Mg filtered Xray actual integration time    
which may be shorter or longer than the cmded Xray integration period         
                                                                              
 31. al_xray_valid_events                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
definition - Al filtered Xray valid processed event count - the count of      
Al filtered Xray events which pass certain event discrimination criteria      
(low level amplitude, negative amplitude, rise time, and crosstalk            
discrimination) and are integrated in the corresponding spectrum; this        
count accumulates over the entire Al filtered Xray actual integration time    
which may be shorter or longer than the cmded Xray integration period         
                                                                              
 32. gas_xray_valid_events                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar monitor Xray valid processed event count - the     
count of active solar Xray events which pass certain event discrimination     
criteria (low level amplitude, negative amplitude, rise time, and             
crosstalk discrimination) and are integrated in the corresponding             
spectrum; this count accumulates over the entire actual Xray integration      
time which may be shorter or longer than the cmded Xray integration period    
                                                                              
 33. unf_xray_events_rej_by_rt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray rise time discriminator rejected event count    
- the accumulation of counts from the unfiltered Xray hardware rise time      
rejection counter over the entire period covered by this record - see note    
with actual integration time descriptions                                     
                                                                              
 34. mg_xray_events_rej_by_rt                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray rise time discriminator rejected event         
count - the accumulation of counts from the Mg filtered Xray hardware rise    
time rejection counter over the entire period covered by this record - see    
note with actual integration time descriptions                                
                                                                              
 35. al_xray_events_rej_by_rt                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray rise time discriminator rejected event         
count - the accumulation of counts from the Al filtered Xray hardware rise    
time rejection counter over the entire period covered by this record - see    
note with actual integration time descriptions                                
                                                                              
 36. gas_xray_events_rej_by_rt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor rise time discriminator rejected event        
count - the accumulation of counts from the gas solar monitor Xray            
hardware rise time rejection counter over the entire period covered by        
this record - see note with actual integration time descriptions              
                                                                              
 37. pin_solar_process_event                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - the count of PIN solar Xray events which are read from the      
hardware for processing by the software; this count accumulates over the      
enfire actual Xray integration time which mayb e shorter or longer than the   
cmded Xray integration period; this value will be zero if the sensor is masked
(unless all sensors are commanded masked).                                    
                                                                              
 38. xtalk_counter                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**32-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - a software accumulated count of high energy gamma ray events    
that trigger clearing the Xray hardware; each clear can result in loss of up  
to three Xray events; count is over the entire period covered by this record. 
                                                                              
 39. cmd_opcode                                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0xf000                                                       
 maximum value - 0xf9ff                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -         most recent command opcode                              
                                                                              
 40. cmd_argument                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2**16-1                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - The first argument for the command most recently received by    
 the XGRS.                                                                    
                                                                              
 41. cmds_receIved                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65535                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - A running count of commands received by the XGRS: rolls over    
  after 65535.                                                                
                                                                              
 42. problem_counter                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 0 - 255                                                      
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -    A running count of problems identified by the XGRS software. 
 Rolls over after 255.                                                        
                                                                              
 43. problem_code                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition -   Code for the most problem most recently recognized by the     
    XGRS software. :                                                          
    0: no problem                                                             
    1-63: Common DPU problem codes                                            
    192-219: XGRS Application problem codes                                   
                                                                              
 44. unf_xray_dc_offset                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray DC offset - average unfiltered Xray sensor      
background level;                                                             
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 8               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -256 to 255 energy bins.           
 If the reported unfiltered Xray DC offset and std dev both have value -2,    
neither is considered valid.                                                  
                                                                              
 45. mg_xray_dc_offset                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray DC offset - average Mg filtered Xray sensor    
background level;                                                             
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 8               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -256 to 255 energy bins.           
 If the reported Mg filtered Xray DC offset and std dev both have value -     
2, neither is considered valid.                                               
                                                                              
 46. al_xray_dc_offset                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray DC offset - average Al filtered Xray sensor    
background level;                                                             
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 8               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -256 to 255 energy bins.           
 If the reported Al filtered Xray DC offset and std dev both have value -     
2, neither is considered valid.                                               
                                                                              
 47. gas_xray_dc_offset                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor DC offset - average gas solar monitor         
background level;                                                             
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 8               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -256 to 255 energy bins.           
 If the reported gas solar monitor DC offset and std dev both have value -    
2, neither is considered valid.                                               
                                                                              
 48. pin_dc_offset                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -2048                                                        
 maximum value - +2047                                                        
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor DC offset - average PIN solar monitor         
background level;                                                             
 ground conversion: offset in energy bins = reported offset / 8               
 This conversion yields an offset range of -256 to 255 energy bins.           
 If the reported PIN solar DC offset and std dev both have value -2,          
neither is considered valid.                                                  
                                                                              
 49. unf_stand_dev                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray standard deviation - standard deviation of      
unfiltered Xray sensor background level;                                      
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 8                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 255+ energy bins.           
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the unfiltered Xray sensor in this record period and neither the          
reported DC offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                
                                                                              
 50. mg_stand_dev                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray standard deviation- standard deviation of      
Mg filtered Xray sensor background level;                                     
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 8                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 255+ energy bins.           
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the Mg filtered Xray sensor in this record period and neither the         
reported DC offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                
                                                                              
 51. al_stand_dev                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray standard deviation- standard deviation of      
Al filtered Xray sensor background level;                                     
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 8                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 255+ energy bins.           
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the Al filtered Xray sensor in this record period and neither the         
reported DC offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                
                                                                              
 52. gas_stand_dev                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray standard deviation- standard             
deviation of gas solar monitor Xray sensor background level;                  
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 8                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 255+ energy bins.           
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the gas solar monitor in this record period and neither the reported      
DC offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                         
                                                                              
 53. pin_stand_dev                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2047                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray standard deviation- standard             
deviation of PIN solar monitor Xray sensor background level;                  
 standard deviation in energy bins = reported std. dev. / 8                   
 This conversion yields a std. dev. range of 0 to 255+ energy bins.           
 A value of -2 is reported to signify that no background samples were made    
for the PIN solar monitor in this record period and neither the reported      
DC offset nor the std. dev. for this sensor are valid                         
                                                                              
 54. detector_electr_curr                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed detector electronics current (8MSBs/12 partially         
converted by XGRS software)                                                   
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 7)                                                      
 target current = ~3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                         
                                                                              
 55. xray_pin_diode_fet_bias                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor FET bias (8MSBs/12          
partially converted by XGRS software)                                         
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 12)                                                     
 target bias = ~19.939 * downlinked value - 15.95 mV                          
                                                                              
 56. hvce_temperature                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed HVCE temperature (partially converted by XGRS            
software)                                                                     
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 2)                                                      
 ground conversion: sensed temp = ~0.1248 * downlinked value - 277.1 degC     
                                                                              
 57. unf_xray_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed unfiltered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by     
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 14)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 57.4 V                         
                                                                              
 58. mg_xray_hvps_volt                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Mg filtered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by    
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 15)                                                     
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 55.54 V                        
                                                                              
 59. al_xray_hvps_volt                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Al filtered Xray HVPS voltage (partially converted by    
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 16)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 59.91 V                        
                                                                              
 60. xray_gas_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS voltage (partially      
converted by XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when     
a new voltage level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is      
in progress; when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding     
cmded target voltage                                                          
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 17)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 54.92 V                        
                                                                              
 61. xray_pin_hvps_volt                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor HVPS voltage (partially     
converted by XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when     
a new voltage level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is      
in progress; when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding     
cmded target voltage                                                          
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 18)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 61.16 V                        
                                                                              
 62. nai_hvps_volt                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed NaI gamma ray HVPS voltage (partially converted by       
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 20)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 49.3 V                         
                                                                              
 63. bgo_hvps_volt                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed BGO gamma ray HVPS voltage (partially converted by       
XGRS software) - this voltage is ramped by the software when a new voltage    
level is cmded from the ground or when automated safing is in progress;       
when the voltage is stable it should match the corresponding cmded target     
voltage                                                                       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 19)                                                      
 target voltage = ~ 1.248 * downlinked value - 50.92 V                        
                                                                              
 64. dpu_dc_dc_temp                                                           
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed DPU DC/DC conv temperature (8MSBs/12)                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 35)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.613 * downlinked value + 18.51 degC                        
                                                                              
 65. xgrs_dc_dc_temp                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed XGRS DC/DC temperature (8MSBs/12)                        
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 36)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.613 * downlinked value + 18.51 degC                        
                                                                              
 66. unf_xray_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed unfiltered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 22)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.62759 * downlinked value + 17.2591 degC                    
                                                                              
 67. mg_xray_hvps_temp                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Mg filtered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                   
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 23)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6287 * downlinked value + 18.1667 degC                     
                                                                              
 68. al_xray_hvps_temp                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Al filtered Xray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                   
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 24)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.63028 * downlinked value + 17.58972 degC                   
                                                                              
 69. xray_gas_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)        
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 25)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 70. xray_pin_hvps_temp                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed Xray PIN diode solar monitor HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)       
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 26                                                       
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 71. nai_hvps_temp                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed NaI gamma ray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                      
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 28)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 72. bgo_hvps_temp                                                            
                                                                              
 minimum value - -128                                                         
 maximum value - +127                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed BGO gamma ray HVPS temp. (8MSBs/12)                      
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 27)                                                      
 target temp = ~ 0.6289 * downlinked value + 17.67 degC                       
                                                                              
 73. tec_current                                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed TEC current (8MSBs/12 partially converted by XGRS        
 software)                                                                    
 hk int(SRS log. ch. 8)                                                       
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
 74. nai_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Nal gamma ray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded      
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 75. bgo_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded BGO gamma ray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded      
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
                                                                              
 76. unf_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded unfiltered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently cmded    
param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                                     
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 77. mg_hvps_volt_cmd                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Mg filtered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently         
cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                               
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 78. al_hvps_volt_cmd                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Al filtered Xray HVPS voltage - the most recently         
cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                               
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
 79. hvps_power_on_off                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS power on/off - the current value of the Gbus control       
bit which is used by the software to turn the HVPS power on and off; HVPS     
power control is by ground cmd only,                                          
 cmd opcode 0xf323                                                            
 ground conversion: 0 = off, 1 = on                                           
 initial value: 0 = off                                                       
                                                                              
 80. xray_calib_home_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration home flag - reflects whether or not a home     
motor command is executing or was executed in the current Xray integration    
period; cmd opcode 0xf321                                                     
 ground conversion: 0 = motor not homing/homed in current Xray int period     
 1 = motor homing/homed in current Xray int period                            
 initial value: 0 = motor not homing/homed                                    
                                                                              
 81. xray_calib_motor_on_off                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor power on/off - the value most            
recently written to of the Gbus control bit which is used by the software     
to turn motor controller power on and off in response to the motor            
movement cmds; cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                             
 ground conversion: 0 = off, 1 = on                                           
 initial value: 0 = off                                                       
                                                                              
 82. xray_calib_motor_enable                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor power enable - the value most            
recently written to the Gbus control bit which is used by the software to     
enable or disable current flow in the motor windings; motor controller        
power must be on first; software controller in response to motor movement     
cmds; cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                                      
 ground conversion: 0 = disabled, 1 = enabled                                 
 initial value: 0 = disabled                                                  
                                                                              
 83. gas_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 2447                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Xray gas tube solar monitor HVPS voltage - the most       
recently cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                      
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~1500 Volts               
                                                                              
                                                                              
 84. pin_hvps_volt_cmd                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 114                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - cmded Xray pin diode solar monitor HVPS voltage - the most      
recently cmded param for this voltage; cmd opcode 0xf300                      
 ground conversion: target volts = ~ 0.61435 * downlinked value               
 initial value: 0 = target 0 Volts                                            
 This conversion yields a target volt range of 0 to ~70 Volts                 
                                                                              
 85. gamma_ray_heater_curr                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - sensed gamma ray heater current (8MSBs/12 partially             
converted by XGRS software)                                                   
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 6)                                                      
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
 86. version                                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 15                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Software version number.                                        
                                                                              
 87. xray_calib_motor_dir                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor direction - the most recent motor        
direction in effect derived from the cmded motor direction in any of the      
Xray calibration motor movement commands: cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308,         
0xf321                                                                        
 ground conversion: 0 = reverse, 1 = forward                                  
 initial value: 1 = forward (always overridden by cmd param input)            
                                                                              
 88. xray_calib_motor_curr                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 7                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor current level - the most recently        
cmded motor current cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf305                              
 ground conversion: cmd param * 40 = target mA                                
 initial value: 3 = target motor current 120 mA                               
 This conversion yields a target motor current range of 0 to 280 mA           
                                                                              
 89. xray_calib_motor_goal                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 199                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor goal - the current goal for the motor    
position derived from the current "actual" motor position in combination      
with any motor movement cmds: cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321 (cmded       
indirectly)                                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                                            
 75 = MG-filtered calibrate position                                          
 100 = unfiltered calibrate position                                          
 125 = Al-filtered calibrate position                                         
 for cmded motor steps=n: if cmded motor direction=forward                    
 then new motor goal =(current actual motor position + n) mod 200             
 if cmded motor direction=reverse                                             
 then new motor goal = (current actual motor position - n) mod 200            
 initial value: 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                             
                                                                              
 90. xray_calib_motor_pos                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 199                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor position - the current "actual" motor    
position                                                                      
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = normal/non-calibrate position                                            
 75 = MG-filtered calibrate position                                          
 100 = unfiltered calibrate position                                          
 125 = Al-filtered calibrate position                                         
 initial value: initially undetermined (note initial motor goal position      
is 0)                                                                         
                                                                              
 91. xray_calib_motor_fid_sens                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 7                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor fiducial sensitivity - the most          
recently cmded motor fiducial sensitivity cmd param,                          
 cmd opcode 0xf306                                                            
 ground conversion: none                                                      
 initial value: 4                                                             
                                                                              
 92. xray_calib_motor_fid_brit                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 3                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor fiducial brightness - the most           
recently cmded motor fiducial brightness cmd param;                           
 cmd opcode 0xf307                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = off,                                                                     
 1 = 1/3 full brightness,                                                     
 2 = 2/3 full brightness,                                                     
 3 = full brightness                                                          
 initial value = 1 = 1/3 full brightness                                      
                                                                              
 93. xray_motor_in_calib_position                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor "in unfiltered calibrate position"       
 fiducial - the most recent value of this fiducial sensed via the Gbus and    
cached in the software indicates whether the motor was at the unfiltered      
calibrate position (position 100) at the time the sensing was done -          
indicates a current motor position if the motor is not moving                 
 ground conversion: these are the current positions providing the motor is    
not moving                                                                    
 0 = not in unfiltered calibrate position (motor position not 100)            
 1 = in unfiltered calibrate position (motor position 100)                    
                                                                              
 94. xray_motor_in_norm_position                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor "in normal position"                     
 fiducial - the most recent value of this fiducial sensed via the Gbus and    
cached in the software indicates whether the motor was at the unfiltered      
calibrate position (position 0) at the time the sensing was done -            
indicates a current motor position if the motor is not moving                 
 ground conversion: these are the current positions providing the motor is    
not moving                                                                    
 0 = not in normal/non-calibrate position (not at motor position 0)           
 1 = in normal/non-calibrate position (motor position 0)                      
                                                                              
 95. active_solar_toggle_mode                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Active solar monitor toggle mode - the most recently cmded      
 solar toggle mode cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf316                               
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = solar monitor toggle mode off; the integration of the active solar       
spectrum will be performed according to the most recently commanded sensor    
mask                                                                          
 1 = solar monitor toggle mode on; the integration of solar spectra           
alternates between the two solar monitors at the end of each Xray             
integration period                                                            
 initial value = 0 = solar monitor toggle mode off                            
                                                                              
 96. xray_calib_max_steps                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration max. steps (10 lsbits / 16) - the maximum      
number of steps the software will allow in executing the motor home           
command; nominally, this command requires a maximum of 200 steps, however,    
with motor slippage may require greater than nominal; cmd opcode 0xf321       
 ground conversion : none                                                     
 nominally 200 steps = complete revolution of calibration rod                 
                                                                              
 97. spare1                                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - N/A                                                          
 maximum value - N/A                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - spare                                                           
                                                                              
 98. tec_enable                                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC enable state - most recently cmded TEC enable state cmd     
param indicates whether automated TEC temp control algorithm is enabled or    
disabled; the TEC enable state is controlled by ground cmd only; the TEC      
is turned off if the control algorithm is disabled; the TEC control           
algorithm autonomously turns the TEC on and off if it is enabled;             
 cmd opcode 0xf30b                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = disabled, 1 = enabled                                                    
 initial value = 1 = enabled                                                  
                                                                              
 99. xray_calib_cum_motor_stps                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration cumulative motor steps - the current value     
of a running count of motor steps taken as a result of any of the motor       
movement commands; counter rolls over;                                        
 cmd opcodes 0xf303, 0xf308, 0xf321                                           
 ground conversion: none                                                      
 nominally 200 steps = complete revolution of calibration rod                 
 initial value = 0 steps                                                      
                                                                              
100. gray_burst_thresh_val                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray burst threshold (encoded as min[burst thr, 255])      
 - an encoding of the most recently cmded gamma ray burst threshold           
 ground conversion: reported burst thresh = min[actual cmded burst thr,       
255]                                                                          
 Range of actual burst thresh is 0-1023.                                      
 initial value: 100                                                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
101. xray_safing_thresh                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing threshold (16LSBs/24) - most recently        
cmded param for maximum "safe" raw hardware event counter rate per second     
for each Xray sensor; cmd opcode 0xf31c                                       
 ground conversion: none (note: the 8 MSBs of this value which are not        
downlinked are all 0)                                                         
 initial value = 30,000 counts per second maximum                             
                                                                              
102. xray_calib_motor_diag                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray calibration motor diagnostics - no actual motor            
diagnostics have been implemented for the XGRS Application Software           
version 6 for this cmd; cmd opcode 0xf30a                                     
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = motor diagnostics never commanded                                        
 1 = motor diagnostics have been commanded                                    
 initial value = 0 = no diagnostics commanded                                 
                                                                              
103. tec_power_on_off                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC power on/off - the value most recently written to the       
Gbus control bit which is used by the software to turn TEC power on and       
off as triggered by the TEC on/off cmd or the automated TEC control           
algorithm, if enabled by ground command; the software turns the TEC off if    
the automated TEC control algorithm has been disabled: if the automated       
TEC control algorithm has been enabled, the software will                     
 turn the TEC on and off autonomously;                                        
 cmd opcode 0xf30b                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = TEC off/automated TEC control algorithm disabled                         
 1 = TEC on/automated TEC control algorithm enabled                           
 initial value = 0 = TEC off/automated TEC control algorithm disabled         
                                                                              
104. tec_mode                                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC mode - the most recently cmded TEC mode cmd param which     
controls whether the automated TEC control algorithm, if separately           
enabled, operates in "heat" or "cool" mode;                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf30c                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0 = cool mode sensed                                                         
 1 = heat mode sensed                                                         
 initial value: 0= cool mode commanded                                        
                                                                              
105. tec_cool_heat_flg                                                        
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool/heat flag - the most recent value of this sensor       
interface read bit sensed and cached in the XGRS software indicates the       
TEC mode; used to compare to expected cmded TEC mode when the automated       
TEC control algorithm is enabled by ground command                            
 ground conversion: provided the automated TEC control algorithm is           
enabled:                                                                      
 0=cool mode sensed                                                           
 1=heat mode sensed                                                           
                                                                              
106. tec_temperature                                                          
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC temperature (partially converted by XGRS software)          
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 1)                                                      
 target temp = 0.124 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                         
 TEC temperature (partially converted by XGRS software)                       
                                                                              
107. tec_cool_mode_temp_up_lmt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool mode temp. target range upper limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "cool" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value: 2195 = ~-5                             
 downlinked cmd param value = target temp upper limit of ~231 degC            
                                                                              
108. tec_cool_mode_temp_low_lmt                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC cool mode temp. target range lower limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "cool" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value: 1827 = ~-51                            
 downlinked cmd param value = target temp lower limit of -277 degC            
                                                                              
109. tec_heat_mode_temp_up_lmt                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC heat mode temp. target range upper limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "heat" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC.        
 initial actual temp. cmd param value:                                        
 3096 = ~193 downlinked cmd param value = target temp upper limit of 125      
degC                                                                          
                                                                              
110. tec_heat_mode_temp_low_lmt                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - TEC heat mode temp. target range lower limit (8 MSBs/12) -      
the most recently cmded value of this limit for use in the automated TEC      
control algorithm in conjunction with the "heat" mode of that algorithm;      
cmd opcode 0xf30d                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. = ~0.12399 * downlinked value - 277.62 degC                     
 reported temp. cmd param=actual temp. command parameter/16                   
 actual temp. cmd param = 4096*(target temp. degC + 273)/500                  
 This conversion yields a range of target temp from -273 to ~227 degC         
 initial actual temp. cmd param value:                                        
 2974 = ~186 downlinked cmd param value = target temp lower limit of 91       
degC                                                                          
                                                                              
111. gamma_ray_temp_hysteresis                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 15                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray temp. hysteresis - most recently cmded gamma ray      
temp. hysteresis cmd param - used in the automated gamma ray heater           
control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf322                                          
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target hysteresis in degC = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value                      
 gamma ray temp upper thr = gamma ray temp lower thr + gamma ray temp         
hysteresis                                                                    
 This conversion equates to a target hysteresis range of 0 to ~1.9 degC.      
 initial value: 2 = target hysteresis 0.25 degC                               
                                                                              
112. gamma_ray_heat_temp_low_lmt                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater temp. lower limit - the most recently cmded    
value for this limit which is used in the automated gamma ray heater          
control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf322                                          
 ground conversion:                                                           
 target temp. in degC = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value - 280.03                  
 This conversion yields a target temp range of -273 to ~231 degC.             
 initial value: 2400 = target temp 19 degC                                    
                                                                              
113. full_gamma_ray_science_mode                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - full gamma ray science record mode - the most recently cmded    
full gamma ray science record mode which determines whether full gamma ray    
science records will be created and downlinked;                               
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=full gamma ray science record mode generation off                          
 1= full gamma ray science record mode generation on                          
 initial value: 0 = full gamma ray science record mode generation off         
                                                                              
114. full_xray_science_mode                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - full Xray science record mode- the most recently cmded full     
Xray science record mode which determines whether full Xray science           
records will be created and downlinked;                                       
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=full Xray science record mode generation off                               
 1= full Xray science record mode generation on                               
 initial value: 0 = full Xray science record mode generation off              
                                                                              
115. summ_gray_xray_science_mode                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - summary Xray/gamma ray science record mode - the most           
recently cmded summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode which             
determines whether summary science records will be created and downlinked;    
cmd opcode 0xf324                                                             
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0= summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode generation off               
 1= summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode generation on                
 initial value: 1 = summary Xray / gamma ray science record mode              
generation on                                                                 
                                                                              
116. gray_burst_sci_rec_mode                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray burst science record mode- the most recently cmded    
gamma ray burst science record mode which determines whether gamma ray        
burst science records will be created and downlinked;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf324                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0= gamma ray burst science record mode generation off                        
 1= gamma ray burst science record mode generation on                         
 initial value: 0= gamma ray burst science record mode generation off         
                                                                              
117. hvce_temp_set_point                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1364                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVCE temperature set point - the most recently cmded value      
for this temp set point;                                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf301                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 cmd temp.param = (target temp. degC + 273)*4096/1000                         
 This conversion yields a target temp range of -273 to ~60 degC.              
 initial value:120 0 = ~ target temp 20 degC                                  
                                                                              
                                                                              
118. cmded_end_xray_integ_per                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Cmded end gamma ray integration period - indicates whether      
an end gamma ray integration period cmd or an HVCE temperature setpoint       
cmd which implicitly executes an end xray integration period cmd has ended    
this xray integration period; this value should be inspected in the xray      
housekeeping only and ignored elsewhere - its interpretation in the Xray      
housekeeping and the realtime housekeeping may be ambiguous due to user       
uncertainty on its sampling time;                                             
 cmd opcodes 0xf301, 0xf30f                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this Xray integration period not ended by command                          
 1=this Xray integration period ended by command                              
 initial value: 0=this Xray integration period not ended by command           
                                                                              
119. cmded_gamma_ray_integ_per                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Cmded end gamma ray integration period - indicates whether      
an end gamma ray integration period cmd or an HVCE temperature setpoint       
cmd which implicitly executes an end gamma ray integration period cmd has     
ended this gamma ray integration period; this value should be inspected in    
the gamma ray housekeeping only and ignored elsewhere - its interpretation    
in the Xray housekeeping and the realtime                                     
 housekeeping may be ambiguous due to user uncertainty on its sampling        
time;                                                                         
 cmd opcodes 0xf301, 0xf30f                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this gamma ray integration period not ended by command                     
 1=this gamma ray integration period ended by command                         
 initial value: 0=this gamma ray integration period not ended by command      
                                                                              
120. bgo_proton_flare_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO proton flare detection flag - indicates whether a BGO       
proton flare has been detected by the XGRS software in the current gamma      
ray integration period                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=BGO proton flare not detected                                              
 1=BGO proton flare detected initial value:                                   
 initial value: 0=BGO proton flare not detected                               
                                                                              
121. gamma_ray_bin_over_flg_cmd                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent cmded    
gamma ray bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param; cmd opcode 0xf319         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray spectra; if a bin     
overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)           
integration of the spectra will be suspended immediately for all gamma ray    
spectra                                                                       
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray spectra; if a       
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum (spectra) with bin            
overflow will continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue    
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for all gamma ray      
spectra                                                                       
                                                                              
122. unf_xray_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray spectral ray bin overflow mode - the most       
recent cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the unfiltered      
Xray spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray spectrum; if a      
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray spectrum; if a    
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will        
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for unfiltered xray    
spectrum                                                                      
                                                                              
123. mg_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent        
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the Mg filtered Xray       
spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered xray spectrum; if a     
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered xray spectrum; if     
a bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will      
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Mg filtered        
xray spectrum                                                                 
                                                                              
124. al_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent        
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd ram for the Al filtered Xray         
spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered xray spectrum; if a     
bin overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)       
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered xray spectrum; if     
a bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will      
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for Al filtered        
xray spectrum                                                                 
                                                                              
125. act_bin_over_flg_cmd                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar spectral bin overflow mode - the most recent       
cmded bin spectral bin overflow mode cmd param for the active solar           
monitor spectrum; cmd opcode 0xf319                                           
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=normal bin overflow mode commanded for active solar spectrum; if a bin     
overflow occurs (any bin reaches its maximum value of 65535 counts)           
integration of that spectrum will be suspended immediately                    
 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for active solar spectrum; if a       
bin overflow occurs integration of the spectrum with bin overflow will        
continue and the affected bin(s) will be allowed to continue                  
 initial value: 1=override bin overflow mode commanded for active solar       
spectrum                                                                      
                                                                              
126. nai_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -            
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
127. bgo_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO integral spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -            
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
128. nai_anticoin_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI anticoincidence spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag -     
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
129. nai_sing_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI single escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag - indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in     
the current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in    
the realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which     
will always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the     
non-realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful                          
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
130. nai_doub_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI double escape shifted spectrum bin overflow occurrence      
flag - indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in     
the current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in    
the realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which     
will always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the     
non-realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful                          
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
131. bgo_sing_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO single escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
- indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the      
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science house-keeping will be                                        
 meaningful and should be referenced there.                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
132. bgo_doub_esc_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO double escape peak spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag    
- indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the      
current gamma ray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the    
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science house-keeping will be meaningful                             
 and should be referenced there.                                              
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
                                                                              
133. unf_xray_bin_overflow_flg                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-          
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
134. mg_bin_overflow_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-         
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
135. al_bin_overflow_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-         
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
136. act_bin_overflow_flg                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - active solar monitor spectrum bin overflow occurrence flag-     
indicates whether a bin overflow has occurred for this spectrum in the        
current Xray integration period; this value will be meaningful in the         
realtime snapshot but not in the science housekeeping snapshots which will    
always indicate no occurrence; the copy of this flag included in the non-     
realtime science housekeeping will be meaningful and should be referenced     
there.                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period       
 1=overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this integration period          
 initial value: 0=no overflow of this spectrum has occurred in this           
integration period                                                            
                                                                              
137. gamma_ray_heat_on_off                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater power on/off - - the value most recently       
written to the Gbus control bit which is used by the software to turn         
gamma ray heater power on and off in response to ground command or the        
automated gamma ray heater control algorithm, if enabled; cmd opcode          
0xf312                                                                        
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=heater power off                                                           
 1=heater power on                                                            
 initial value: 0=heater power off                                            
                                                                              
138. gamma_ray_heat_mode                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater mode - the most recent gamma ray heater        
mode cmd param which determines whether the XGRS software will turn power     
to the gamma ray heater off until further ground command or use an            
automated gamma heater control algorithm; cmd opcode 0xf312                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=commanded off heater mode                                                  
 1=commanded automatic heater mode                                            
 initial value: 1=automatic heater mode                                       
139. bgo_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma sensor level 1 safing flag - indicates whether        
this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing     
level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the       
science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state    
at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-     
realtime portion) , the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag            
indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the       
gamma ray integration period and should be referenced                         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
140. bgo_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma sensor level 2 safing flag - indicates whether        
this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in safing     
level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in the       
science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state    
at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping (non-     
realtime portion) , the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag            
indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the       
gamma ray integration period and should be referenced                         
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
141. spare3                                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - N/A                                                          
 maximum value - N/A                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - spare                                                           
                                                                              
142. xray_integr_time                                                         
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray integration time - the most recently cmded Xray            
integration time in seconds;                                                  
 cmd opcode 0xf302                                                            
 ground conversion: time in seconds                                           
 initial value: 100 seconds                                                   
                                                                              
143. hvps_on_off                                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS on/off - the most recently cmded state for HVPS power;     
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion: 0=off, 1=on                                               
 initial value: 0=off                                                         
                                                                              
144. pin_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded    
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
145. gas_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded    
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
146. al_sensor_mask_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded     
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
147. mg_sensor_mask_flg                                                       
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded     
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
148. unf_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded      
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
149. bgo_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded        
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion: 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked              
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
150. nai_sensor_mask_flg                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor mask flag - the most recently cmded        
mask state for this sensor;                                                   
 cmd opcode 0xf31a                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor masked, 1=this sensor unmasked                                 
 initial value: 1=this sensor unmasked                                        
                                                                              
151. unf_xray_rise_time_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events       
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
152. mg_rise_time_thresh                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events      
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
153. al_rise_time_thresh                                                      
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray rise time discriminator threshold; events      
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
154. gas_rise_time_thresh                                                     
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor rise time discriminator threshold; events     
with rise times greater than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf315                                                            
 ground conversion: equates to roughly 0-1000 nano-second rise times          
(non-linearly); a calibration curve is needed to determine the exact          
correspondence of commanded thresholds to rise times                          
 initial value: 135 = ~0.5 micro-sec rise time                                
                                                                              
155. unf_rise_time_valid_thresh                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;        
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
156. mg_rise_time_valid_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;       
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
157. al_rise_time_valid_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray rise time valid discriminator threshold;       
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
158. gas_rise_time_valid_thresh                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor rise time valid discriminator threshold;      
events with energy exceeding the threshold will be rejected based on the      
rise time discrimination flag - the most recently cmded value for this        
threshold;                                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf316                                                            
 ground conversion: cmd param = energy_level(keV)*25.6                        
 The cmd param range (0-255) produces a range energy thresholds from 0 keV    
to ~10 keV.                                                                   
 initial value: 51 = ~2 keV                                                   
                                                                              
159. gamma_ray_integr_time                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Gamma ray integration time - the most recently cmded gamma      
ray integration time in seconds;                                              
 cmd opcode 0xf30e                                                            
 ground conversion: time in seconds                                           
 initial value: 1200 seconds (20 minutes)                                     
                                                                              
160. gamma_sing_esc_wind_center                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value -1023                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray single escape window center bin - the most            
recently cmded center energy bin for the gamma ray single escape peak         
histogram; this histogram accumulates gamma ray single escape events          
within a "window" centered at this bin with cmd specified width;              
 cmd opcode 0xf310                                                            
 ground conversion: window center in energy bins                              
 initial value: bin 52 = ~ 0.511 MeV energy bin, the expected "single         
escape" event energy                                                          
                                                                              
161. gamma_sing_esc_wind_width                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 63                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray single escape window width - the most recently        
cmded width for the gamma ray single escape peak histogram formation;         
gamma ray single escape events within the energy window defined by the        
cmded window center and this width are accumulated in this histogram;         
effective window width is forced odd for XGRS software convenience but the    
value actually cmded appears in this telemetry field;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf310                                                            
 ground conversion: window width in energy bins (forced to an odd value,      
cmd param + 1, in case cmd param is even)                                     
 initial value: 19 bins wide                                                  
                                                                              
162. gamma_doub_esc_wind_center                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1023                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray double escape window center bin - the most            
recently cmded center energy bin for the gamma ray double escape peak         
histogram; this histogram accumulates gamma ray double escape events          
within a "window" centered at this bin with cmd specified width;              
 cmd opcode 0xf311                                                            
 ground conversion: window center in energy bins                              
 initial value: bin104 = ~ target 1.022 MeV energy bin, the expected          
"double escape" event energy                                                  
                                                                              
163. gamma_doub_esc_wind_width                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 63                                                           
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray double escape window width - the most recently        
cmded width for the gamma ray double escape peak histogram formation;         
gamma ray double escape events within the energy window defined by the        
cmded window center and this width are accumulated in this histogram;         
effective window width is forced odd for XGRS software convenience but the    
value actually cmded appears in this telemetry field;                         
 cmd opcode 0xf311                                                            
 ground conversion: window width in energy bins (forced to an odd value,      
cmd param + 1, in case cmd param is even)                                     
 initial value: 21 bins wide                                                  
                                                                              
164. nai_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray lower level discriminator threshold; events       
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 3.413 * cmd param                  
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~870.                                                                         
 initial value: 3 = ~ target energy bin# 10                                   
                                                                              
165. bgo_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray lower level discriminator threshold; events       
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 3.413 * cmd param                  
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~870.                                                                         
 initial value: 3 = ~ target energy bin# 10                                   
                                                                              
166. unf_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events     
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
167. mg_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events    
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
168. al_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray lower level discriminator threshold; events    
with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most recently      
cmded value for this threshold;                                               
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
169. gas_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray lower level discriminator threshold;     
events with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 15 = ~ target energy bin# 13                                  
                                                                              
170. pin_low_level_ampl_thresh                                                
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray lower level discriminator threshold;     
events with energy less than the threshold will be rejected - the most        
recently cmded value for this threshold;                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf314                                                            
 ground conversion: target energy bin# = ~ 0.8533 * cmd param                 
 This conversion yields a target energy bin discrimination range of 0 to      
~218.                                                                         
 initial value: 37 = ~ target energy bin# 32                                  
                                                                              
171. gamma_ray_sensor_temp                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 4095                                                         
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor temp. (avg of 4 converted samples)             
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 21)                                                     
 target temp = ~ 0.1248 * downlinked value - 280.03                           
                                                                              
172. nai_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor level one safing flag - indicates          
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
173. unf_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates        
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science                                                                   
 snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing state at the    
start of the integration period; in the                                       
 science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"      
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
174. mg_level_1_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
175. al_level_1_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level one safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
176. gas_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
177. pin_level_1_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level one safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 1; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 1 at     
any time over the gamma ray integration period and should be referenced       
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 1                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 1              
                                                                              
178. nai_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - NaI gamma ray sensor level two safing flag - indicates          
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be eferenced                                    
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
179. unf_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - unfiltered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates        
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
180. mg_level_2_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Mg filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
181. al_level_2_safing_flg                                                    
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Al filtered Xray sensor level two safing flag - indicates       
whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot sampling) in    
safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime snapshot but not in    
the science snapshots since in that case it will only reflect the safing      
state at the start of the integration period; in the science housekeeping     
(non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky" version of the flag        
indicates                                                                     
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
182. gas_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gas solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates                                                 
 whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at any time over the gamma ray      
integration period and should be referenced                                   
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
183. pin_level_2_safing_flg                                                   
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 1                                                            
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - PIN solar monitor Xray sensor level two safing flag -           
indicates whether this sensor is currently (at the time of the snapshot       
sampling) in safing level 2; this is a useful value in the realtime           
snapshot but not in the science snapshots since in that case it will only     
reflect the safing state at the start of the integration period; in the       
science housekeeping (non-realtime portion), the corresponding "sticky"       
version of the flag indicates whether the sensor was at safing level 2 at     
any time over the gamma ray integration period and should be referenced       
 ground conversion:                                                           
 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2                             
 1=this sensor is currently in safing level 2                                 
 initial value: 0=this sensor is not currently in safing level 2              
                                                                              
184. xray_sens_safing_rest_level                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 1                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing/restore interval - the most recently         
cmded value for this interval; the time in minutes between automated          
attempts to restore an Xray sensor in safing level 1 to nominal safing        
level 0; cmd opcode 0xf31d                                                    
 ground conversion: time in minutes                                           
 initial value: 60 minute intervals between retries                           
                                                                              
185. gamma_sens_safing_rest_level                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 1                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing/restore interval - the most recently    
cmded value for this interval; the time in minutes between automated          
attempts to restore a gamma ray sensor in safing level 1 to nominal safing    
level 0;                                                                      
 cmd opcode 0xf31d                                                            
 ground conversion: time in minutes                                           
 initial value: 60 minute intervals between retries                           
                                                                              
186. xray_safing_rest_max_retry                                               
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - Xray sensor safing/restore maximum retries - the most           
recently cmded value for the maximum number of times the XGRS software        
will autonomously attempt to restore an Xray sensor from safing level 1 to    
nominal safing level 0;                                                       
 cmd opcode 0xf31e                                                            
 ground conversion: number of retries                                         
 initial value: maximum 6 retries                                             
                                                                              
187. gamma_safing_rest_max_retry                                              
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing/restore maximum retries - the most      
recently cmded value for the maximum number of times the XGRS software        
will autonomously attempt to restore a gamma ray sensor from safing level     
1 to nominal safing level 0;                                                  
 cmd opcode 0xf31e                                                            
 ground conversion: number of retries                                         
 initial value: maximum 6 retries                                             
                                                                              
188. gamma_heater_duty_cycle                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 100                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray heater duty cycle - the percentage of time the        
gamma ray heater is on over a 100 second period; the duty cycle is            
continuously computed; at the time of snapshot sampling the duty cycle for    
the most recently completed 100 second period is the sampled value            
 ground conversion: duty cycle as a percentage = downlinked value / 100       
                                                                              
189. gamma_sens_safing_thresh                                                 
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - gamma ray sensor safing threshold - most recently cmded         
param for maximum "safe" raw hardware event counter rate per second for       
each gamma ray sensor;                                                        
 cmd opcode 0xf31c                                                            
 ground conversion: none (note: the 8 MSBs of this value which are not        
downlinked are all 0)                                                         
 initial value: 30,000 counts per second maximum                              
                                                                              
190. hvps_current                                                             
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 255                                                          
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - HVPS current                                                    
 (8MSBs/12 partially converted by XGRS software)                              
 hk int (SRS log. ch. 9)                                                      
 target current = ~ 3.9878 * downlinked value - 2.2 mA                        
                                                                              
191. bgo_proton_flare_thresh                                                  
                                                                              
 minimum value - 0                                                            
 maximum value - 65,535                                                       
 units - N/A                                                                  
 definition - BGO gamma ray proton flare detection threshold (16LSBs/24) -    
the most recently cmded value for detecting a BGO gamma ray proton flare;     
each second accumulation of the BGO raw event counter is compared to this     
threshold; if the raw event counter value exceeds the threshold, the gamma    
ray sensors will be masked                                                    
 cmd opcode 0xf317                                                            
 ground conversion:                                                           
 reported threshold = actual threshold(16 MSBs) note: it is not               
anticipated that thresholds in excess of                                      
 16-bits will be needed                                                       
 initial value: 10,000 counts per second maximum                              
                                                                              
                                                                              
192.  summ_xray_unfiltered                                                    
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 15*2**(16) = 983040                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Unfiltered Xray spectrum - binned and compressed;        
                     each byte encodes unsigned exponent and mantissa for 16  
                     compressed unfiltered Xray histogram bins;               
                     see Fig 3-38a given in the Expanded XGRS Software Version
                     Telemetry Descriptions dated 6/5/98 for encoding/decoding
                     ground conversion:                                       
                     decompressed summary science data can be computed on the 
                     ground for each 1-byte (exponent, mantissa) compressed   
                     summary value, as follows:                               
                       decompressed value(16-bit = mantissa*2**(exponent+n)   
                         where n=1 for Xray data                              
                               n=3 for gamma ray data                         
                     each decompressed spectrum (16, 16-bit values) represents
                     a binned form of the original non-binned/non-compressed  
                     spectrum; the summary spectra cannot be expanded to the  
                     unbinned form                                            
                                                                              
193.  summ_xray_mg[SUMM_XRAY_DIMS]                                            
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 15*2**(16) = 983040                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Mg filtered Xray spectrum - binned and compressed;       
                     each byte encodes unsigned exponent and mantissa for 16  
                     compressed Mg filtered Xray histogram bins;              
                     see Fig 3-38a given in the Expanded XGRS Software Version
                     Telemetry Descriptions dated 6/5/98 for encoding/decoding
                     ground conversion:                                       
                     decompressed summary science data can be computed on the 
                     ground for each 1-byte (exponent, mantissa) compressed   
                     summary value, as follows:                               
                       decompressed value(16-bit = mantissa*2**(exponent+n)   
                         where n=1 for Xray data                              
                               n=3 for gamma ray data                         
                     each decompressed spectrum (16, 16-bit values) represents
                     a binned form of the original non-binned/non-compressed  
                     spectrum; the summary spectra cannot be expanded to the  
                     unbinned form                                            
                                                                              
194.  summ_xray_al[SUMM_XRAY_DIMS]                                            
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 15*2**(16) = 983040                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Al filtered Xray spectrum - binned and compressed;       
                     each byte encodes unsigned exponent and mantissa for 16  
                     compressed Al filtered Xray histogram bins;              
                     see Fig 3-38a given in the Expanded XGRS Software Version
                     Telemetry Descriptions dated 6/5/98 for encoding/decoding
                     ground conversion:                                       
                     decompressed summary science data can be computed on the 
                     ground for each 1-byte (exponent, mantissa) compressed   
                     summary value, as follows:                               
                       decompressed value(16-bit = mantissa*2**(exponent+n)   
                         where n=1 for Xray data                              
                               n=3 for gamma ray data                         
                     each decompressed spectrum (16, 16-bit values) represents
                     a binned form of the original non-binned/non-compressed  
                     spectrum; the summary spectra cannot be expanded to the  
                     unbinned form                                            
                                                                              
195.  summ_xray_active_solar[SUMM_XRAY_DIMS]                                  
                                                                              
        minimum value - 0                                                     
        maximum value - 15*2**(16) = 983040                                   
        units - N/A                                                           
        definition - Active solar monitor spectrum - binned and compressed;   
                     each byte encodes unsigned exponent and mantissa for 16  
                     compressed active solar histogram bins;                  
                     see Fig 3-38a given in the Expanded XGRS Software Version
                     Telemetry Descriptions dated 6/5/98 for encoding/decoding
                     ground conversion:                                       
                     decompressed summary science data can be computed on the 
                     ground for each 1-byte (exponent, mantissa) compressed   
                     summary value, as follows:                               
                       decompressed value(16-bit = mantissa*2**(exponent+n)   
                         where n=1 for Xray data                              
                               n=3 for gamma ray data                         
                     each decompressed spectrum (16, 16-bit values) represents
                     a binned form of the original non-binned/non-compressed  
                     spectrum; the summary spectra cannot be expanded to the  
                     unbinned form                                            
                                                                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              
NEAR KEYWORDS and Examples                                                    
                                                                              
The following list of NEAR keywords reflects the current status and can be    
modified as required.                                                         
                                                                              
EXTNAME = 'BINARY_TBL'         / name of this binary table extension          
DATE    = '25/08/98'           / Current Date                                 
ORIGIN  = 'NEAR-4  '           / Originator Science Data Center               
DATE-OBS= '20/01/98'           / dd/mm/yy                                     
INSTRUME= 'NEAR-XGR'           / Spacecraft Instrument                        
AUTHOR  = 'NEAR-SDC'           / Contact point for this data                  
COMMENT   NEAR Project/MSI Reserved Keywords: NEAR-001 Through NEAR-199       
NEAR-001=                66240 / Data offset from start of file (bytes)       
NEAR-002= '1.01    '           / Version of this file format                  
NEAR-003= 'XRS98020.FIT'       / Name of this file                            
NEAR-004= '13:03:48Z'          / Time that this file was created              
NEAR-005= 'XRS.001 '           / Product ID                                   
NEAR-006= 'PDSXRS  '           / Program name that produced this file         
NEAR-007= 'v0-00   '           / Version # of above program                   
COMMENT   XGRS Reserved Keywords: NEAR-300 Through NEAR-399                   
NEAR-301= 'XGR     '           / Instrument Type                              
NEAR-302= 'XRAYSUMM  '         / Sensor Type                                  
NEAR-303=             60664607 / Initial MET in File                          
NEAR-304=             60750707 / Final MET in File                            
END                                                                           
