A note from SBN about dark frames and 0-ms exposures for MSI

For the Eros orbital phase of the archive, image frames as well as dark
frames and 0-ms exposures have TARGET_NAME set to EROS in the raw data
labels; processed dark exposures are also included in the calibrated data
sets. This can cause confusion because the dark and 0-ms exposures are
identified as Eros images yet appear to be "bad" exposures because of the
idiosyncrasies of the MSI camera.

Many MSI sequences were designed such that each image taken by the MSI
camera was immediately followed by a 0-ms exposure to correct MSI camera
idiosyncrasies. Also the camera was operated near room temperature so there
was a significant amount of dark current generated during typical exposure
durations. For this reason dark exposures of a duration equal to the usual
exposure durations were often taken as a usual component of a sequence and,
when viewed, appear to be nearly identical to the 0-ms exposures. Two
methods of obtaining dark exposures were often used: (1) closing the shutter
during the dark exposure or (2) opening the shutter during the exposure
while pointing to "dark sky".

It appears both techinques were used on several MSI sequences, such as
"seq9_30_xreg" which was performed on day of year 2000-205. In this
particular sequence, the first eight exposures (m0139720804f4 through
m0139723433f4, including their associated 0-ms exposures) appear to have
been done with the shutter closed, and then the next six exposures
(m0139723596f4 through m0139724413f4) appear to have been done with the
shutter opened, but with the MSI camera pointed away from the illuminated
part of Eros by some small angle. The fifteenth exposure (m0139724574f4)
appears to be the first exposure that picked up a small amount of the
illuminated surface of Eros.

